hey Chrysler fans here we have an O for
Pacifica
a little bit rough on the rear bumper
looks like it might have been rear-ended
tires alloy rims tires edger - 3565 r17
rockets oxidized please excuse the noise
of the speaker blue exterior with the
black cloth interior brushed chrome fake
simulated woodgrain see if it'll start
up keyless entry it looks a little bit
rough rough start up as one hundred
ninety nine thousand and fifteen
kilometers
let's see
please Canadian maybe
smooth paste that kicks into
Autosports
I'm good an offside a little bit rough
audio controls climate controls power
outlets center console cupholders glove
box with the owner's manual click yep
controls for the rear passengers power
windows locks and mirrors nice chrome
handles
rear passengers a little bit tight for
an SUV of this size but they have a nice
amount of controls and storage features
back here little tray their rear
ventilation ducts third row seating I
like SUVs with third row seating you
probably know that if you watch some of
my other videos back there it's not too
tight could be better it's going to take
a look at the hatch
if it'll open a it's not going to open
but you saw from the inside you do have
rear privacy glass new seats by pulling
that all the way up to flop down make it
easier for the third row passengers to
get in there good thing look at the
front passenger side front passenger pop
the hood that's a nice amount of legroom
very room compared to the back simulated
right on this side - oh that's your
that's power seats same over there power
seat controls odd place for those but
hey get the job done soft to the touch
door
couldn't take a look under the hood and
that'll be all has the three v v6 35
litre v6 24-valve Chrysler motor a
little bit dusty but not too bad in
these box over there
air filter over there there you go you
go more click around of it it's a little
bit rough I'm not a big Chrysler Dodge
fan to begin with but this one doesn't
help any a little bit rough okay but
there you go
startup and tour of the 2004 Chrysler
Pacifica 3 v v6 thanks for watching
check out my other videos